grid/tree-view-docs (#24535)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/grid/events.md

| `afterUpdate`          | Triggered after grid options are updated via `update()`. | `this: Grid`          |
| `beforeRedraw`         | Triggered before the grid DOM is redrawn. Fired by default when `update()` is called, unless `redraw` is set to `false`. | `this: Grid`          |
| `afterRedraw`          | Triggered after the grid DOM is redrawn. Fired by default when `update()` is called, unless `redraw` is set to `false`. | `this: Grid`          |
| `beforeTreeRowToggle`  | Triggered before a TreeView row is expanded or collapsed. Call `event.preventDefault()` to cancel the toggle. | `this: Grid`          |

> | `afterTreeRowToggle`   | Triggered after a TreeView row is expanded or collapsed. | `this: Grid`          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `beforeTreeRowToggle`  | Triggered before a Tree view row is expanded or collapsed. Call `event.preventDefault()` to cancel the toggle. | `this: Grid`          |
| `afterTreeRowToggle`   | Triggered after a Tree view row is expanded or collapsed. | `this: Grid`          |
```
